doc: optimize child process doc (#52154)
nodejs/node: doc/api/child_process.md

for passing a TCP server or socket object to the child process. The child will
receive the object as the second argument passed to the callback function
registered on the [`'message'`][] event. Any data that is received

> and buffered in the socket will not be sent to the child. You can not
> send IPC socket on win32 platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and buffered in the socket will not be sent to the child. Sending IPC sockets is
not supported on Windows.
```

Author: Done! Thanks !
